[v7r3] WMS state machine (#4903)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/DeveloperGuide/CodeTesting/index.rst

See ``./integration_tests.py --help`` for more information.

Running the above might take a while. Supposing you are interested in running one single integration test, let's say for the sake of example a server integration test, you can:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./integration_tests.py prepare-environment
    ./integration_tests.py install-server

which will give you a full dockerized server setup (`docker container ls` will list the created container, and you can see what's going on inside with the standard `docker exec -it server /bin/bash`). Now, suppose that you want to run `WorkloadManagementSystem/Test_JobDB.py`. You can run it with:

> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     docker exec -it -e=TERM=xterm-color -e=INSTALLROOT=/home/dirac -e=INSTALLTYPE=server -u=dirac -w=/home/dirac server /bin/bash
>     cd $INSTALLROOT
>     source ServerInstallDIR/bashrc
>     cp -r TestCode/DIRAC/tests/ ServerInstallDIR/DIRAC/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash

    ./integration_tests.py exec-server

If you're using Python 2 you will also need to copy the test code (Python 3 installations automatically pick up external changes to the DIRAC code and tests):

.. code-block:: bash
    cp -r TestCode/DIRAC/tests/ ServerInstallDIR/DIRAC/
```

Author: a-ha, good, I didn't see the `exec-server` command.
